# Entry One
## Analysis: Queer Maps
  The previous mapping project I'm analyzing is Queer Maps by the eponymous organization. Queer Maps describes itself as, “A rich map of published addresses of active LGBTQ bars, nightclubs, organizations, etc. from 1871 to today.” 
  In terms of the population that Queer Maps seeks to address, the project is not just for the LGBTQIA+ community, but also is open to anyone regardless of sexuality. The most interesting thing about these sort of community-centric projects is that it often opens up the community to others - which expands the audience and requires a sort of intentionality behind the work being done. 
  Queer Maps’ method of intervention is trying to visibilize (through mapping) the extensive history of queer spaces that contributed to the commercial and cultural growth of the city. In mapping locations of significance to the community, Queer Maps keeps the presence of the LGBTQIA+ alive even if these places have been forgotten or ignored in time. 
  Operating under a specific set of assumptions, however, has created the need to acknowledge some of the shortcomings of the project: because Queer Maps pulls data from archived information, the project is successful only because its creators are under the assumption that these archives are accurate and all the locations are complete. Each listing is also made under the assumption that these listings are unbiased, non-anecdotal, and are free from socioeconomic factors that may have affected the inclusion or exclusion of information. In terms of inclusivity, not only does Queer Maps include past significant LGBTQIA+ spaces, the project also has attempted to include current examples. 
  Queer Maps is successful in their idea of inclusion and the consideration of oft-underrepresented communities, but can fall short of the mark in actual inclusion based on the limitations of the data the project works on. For example, Queer Maps has a statistically significant lack of non-gay, white male spaces in comparison to QPOC, lesbian, bisexual, and trans-designated spaces. In addition, Queer Maps is not an all-encompassing project. The areas mapped appear to be grouped together, leaving a large swath of the city under-mapped and unmarked. In terms of social justice activism, Queer Maps is based on the idea that these often underserved or ignored (by the mainstream) spaces in Los Angeles are significant and relevant - and that everyone should be able to access the rich history of the queer community in Los Angeles. By compiling research and archive data, Queer Maps makes historical and current information available to those who would either not have the access or resources to be able to pore over the information themselves. By focusing solely on a disadvantaged community, Queer Maps targets as an audience and subject said community. Due to the focus on specifically queer spaces, there is an implied exclusion of outsiders to the communities - not necessarily to the access of this information, but definitely to the recognition of them. 
  Overall, Queer Maps is successful in what it sought to do. The map is highly legible and stock-filled with information, as well as acting as an important tool for the queer community in Los Angeles. However, due to the rather anecdotal nature of the data it is not completely inclusive or beneficial to the entire community. 

## Proposal
  I’m personally really interested in the idea of mapping out Queer Spaces and visibilizing a historically overlooked population especially in regards to physical spaces. As Queer Maps is a project that focused mainly on Los Angeles, my chosen mapping project would instead focus on San Francisco which is another queer mecca that has a rich history and culture as a LGBTQIA+ enclave.
  I believe that due to the very community-centric and delicate nature of the topic, it is important to work with primarily anecdotal data - because this data does not necessarily need to be quantifiable to be relevant. I also believe the major data that would be included in this project would be historical accounts from interviews, articles, and other mapping projects undertaken by the community. (For example, San Francisco Chronicle articles, zines in queer-owned businesses, travel guides, internet forums.) An emerging platform to connect with members and learn about personal histories is the internet; a plethora of comments and social media posts are also relevant indicators of popular/relevant queer spaces. Because all information related to the subject is largely anecotal, I believe that my own personal bias in determining metrics for the data points will be incredibly difficult to measure - leading to unconscious (or even conscious) exclusion. In addition, gathering and including data does not tend to trend towards acknowledging socioeconomic factors that may have affected the data given. 
  I believe that instead of attempting to be a definitive project on understanding queer spaces through a lens of commerce or personal history, it can instead be a mix of both. I hope that this project helps historicize queer movement throughout the city, perhaps being an indicator or even influencer of the history of San Francisco. 
